Update faq.md (#9148)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/faq.md

- Users click on some email links within the preview pane of their phones. In this case, Braze logs this email as being clicked but not opened.
- Users reopen an email that they previewed earlier.

> ### Why am I seeing 0 email opens and/or clicks?
> 
> You may be seeing 0 email opens and clicks if there is a misconfiguration with your tracking domain, which could be due to any of the following reasons:
> - There is an SSL issue where tracking URLs are http instead of https.
> - There is an issue with your CDN, where the user agent string on the open and/or click events is not populating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why am I seeing zero email opens and clicks?

You may be seeing zero email opens and clicks if there's a misconfiguration with your tracking domain. This can be due to any of the following reasons:
- There is an SSL issue where tracking URLs are `http` instead of `https`.
- There is an issue with your CDN where the user agent string on the open events, click events, or both aren't populating.
```
